[docs] Update local build docs for EAS update channel creation (#29271)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas-update/build-locally.mdx

  }
```

> > In the [introduction guide](/eas-update/getting-started), the channel name is set by EAS Build and is different for various build profiles and automatically synchronized on the server. Since this is a local build, it is necessary to set this request header explicitly in the app config and also necessary to create the channel on the server manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In the [Get started](/eas-update/getting-started) guide, the channel name is set by EAS Build and is different for various build profiles and automatically synchronized on the server. Since this is a local build, it is necessary to set the request header explicitly in the app config, as shown above, and then manually create the channel on the server.
```

After optionally making additional changes to **App.js**, publish an update with the following command:

> <Terminal cmd={['$ eas update']} cmdCopy="eas update" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Terminal cmd={['$ eas update']} />
```

Since this is a single command, no need to add manually add `cmdCopy`. All single line values for this component have copy functionality enabled by default.
